THIS IS A WEBSITE YOU BUILT FOR ME. IT TAKES DATA FROM AN EXCEL FILE, ORGANIZES AND PRESENTS IT IN AN EASY TO UNDERSTAND AND USER FRIENDLY WAY. THE DATA IS FOR A CAR DEALERSHIP'S SERVICE DEPARTMENT. EVERY TIME A CUSTOMER BRINGS THEIR VEHICLE IN FOR A REPAIR OR REGULAR MAINTENANCE, A TECHNICIAN DOES A THOROUGH INSPECTION TO IDENTIFY ANY ADDITIONAL REPAIRS OR MAINTENANCE THAT NEEDS TO BE PERFORMED ON THE CUSTOMER'S VEHICLE. ONCE THE TECHNICIAN COMPLETES THE INSPECTION THEY SEND IT TO A SERVICE ADVISOR WHO THEN SENDS IT TO THE CUSTOMER TO REVIEW AND APPROVE ANY ADDITIONAL WORK. THIS IS AN ESSENTIAL PROCESS TO HELP CUSTOMERS KEEP THEIR VEHICLES PROPERLY MAINTAINED AND RUNNING PROPERLY FOR BOTH OPTIMAL PERFORMANCE AND LONGEVITY. IT'S ALSO ESSENTIAL TO GENERATING PROTIF FOR THE SERVICE DEPARTMENT. MOST CUSTOMERS BRING THEIR VEHICLES FOR ROUTINE MAINTENANCE LIKE AN OIL CHANGE. SERVICE DEPARTMENTS MAKE VERY LITTLE PROFIT FROM THE OIL CHANGE. IT'S CRITIAL TO A SERVICE DEPARTMENT'S PROFITABILITY FOR TECHNICIANS TO IDENTIFY AS MANY LEGITIMATE OPPORTUNITIES TO UPSELL AS POSSIBLE. NOT ALL TECHNICIANS DO A GOOD JOB OF IDENTIFYING OTHER ISSUES OR PRESENTING THE ISSUES IN A WAY THAT WILL CONVINCE A CUSTOMER THE REPAIR IS NEEDED. BY EVAULATING THE RESULTS FROM EVERY INSPECTION WE SHOULD BE ABLE TO IDENTIFY PATTERNS THAT CAN HELP US DETERMINE WHICH TECHNICIANS ARE DOING A GOOD JOB OF FINDING ADDITIONAL WORK TO RECOMMEND AND WHICH ONES ARE NOT. WE CAN ALSO EVAULATE HOW MANY OF THESE RECOMMENDATIONS ARE APPROVED OR SOLD TO CUSTOMERS SO WE CAN DETERMINE THE RELATIVE SUCCESS OF EVERY TECHNICIAN IN PRESENTING THE WORK IN A COMPELLING WAY. ULTIMATELY THIS WEBSITE WILL AIDE SERVICE MANAGERS TO IDENTIFY OPPORTUNITIES FOR EACH TECHNICIAN TO FIND ALL OF THE WORK AND MAINTENANCE A VEHICLE NEEDS AND PRESENT IT IN THE MOST COMPELLING WAY SO CUSTOMERS WILL CHOOSE TO PAY FOR THE REPAIR OR MAINTENANCE RECOMMENDED.
